And thanks to anyone at home who was clapping. That's kind of weird, but I appreciate it.
This is the end of a long tour for me. I've been traveling so much to get ready for this show, and I went all over the country, so I'm psyched to be back in New York.
It's good to be home.
So, yeah, thanks, guys. It's a good place to be.

A lot of times when I fly when I travel, I have to fill out a customs form. They ask me all these questions.
And when I answer the questions, it makes me feel like I had a crappy trip. "Were you on a farm in the last four days?" No.
"Did you touch any livestock?" No. "Do you have any firearms?" No!
I didn't do anything good! Next time, I'm gonna touch a cow, and I'm gonna shoot it.

Surprise parties are strange 'cause people jump up, and they yell the word "surprise" at the party. I came home, and you emerged from my furniture.
You don't have to tell me how to feel. I don't need a hint.
It's not like if you said a different emotion, then I would feel that instead. I come home and you're like, "Confidence!"
"Oh, all right, yeah. Conf--" Yeah.

Smoking is a big problem. We can't get people to quit smoking, and warnings don't work.
I think you gotta change the cigarettes. You know what I mean?
If you change the shape the cigarettes, maybe that would do it. Like, if you had a cigarette that had, like, two balls hanging from it.
"This doesn't look as cool as it used to. I gotta quit.
This is ridiculous." "Surgeon general warning: cigarette may contain tiny, hairy balls."

When somebody commits a murder-suicide, that's probably someone who's not thinking through the afterlife.
"Bam! You're dead. Bam! I'm dead.
"Oh, hey. Oh, shit.
This is gonna be awkward forever."

When there's somebody who's dead, and then someone does something that that person would not have liked, they say that that person is spinning in their grave, but I don't understand why they say that.
Why is spinning the way that a corpse shows disapproval? That doesn't make any sense.
I mean, if we showed disapproval that way when we were alive, then it would make sense. "Oh, man, I am so pissed at you right now.
You have no idea how mad I am." "Oh, shit, Demetri's spinning.
Let's get out of here."

If I lived below a tap dancer, I would just put really powerful magnets on the ceiling. "What's that?
We're not tapping shit now, are we? More of a tap stander we got up there.
Oh, now we're moving. Oh, over to the window.
Look at that. Ah, there we go."

When a Dalmatian sees a cow, he must be like, "What the hell happened to him? I am high right now.
That Dalmatian is fat and smeary." When the cow sees the Dalmatian, he must be like, "He looks amazing.
I am so out of shape. This is ridiculous.
My tits are on the ground here."

When I first heard the term "training bra," I was freaked out. I was pretty young, and I said, "Did you just say 'training bra'?
They're training their chests? I had no idea."
You see some lady, her boobs are everywhere. "What's her deal?"
"Those are untrained titties." "What?"
"You've gotta train 'em when they're young, or they go wild. You can't have free range boobs bouncing all over the place.
She was sitting on the couch, one just punched her in the face. She wasn't even moving."

Sometimes, if a woman has a really nice butt, she'll wear tight pants. Then everybody looks at her butt when she walks by.
That's nice, but it seems like a waste. Everybody's looking there, I feel like we should put important information on the butt.
We should put the photos of missing children right on there. "Damn, we gotta find that boy."

I go to the gym, and I try to run on the treadmill. And I listen to music, but it doesn't motivate me enough.
So I'm gonna get a recording of a pack of wolves gaining on me. People will be like, "Why is that guy crying on that treadmill over there?"
"I don't know, but he's been yelling 'Help!' for, like, 20 minutes. He's getting a good workout."

When I was in high school, I experimented sexually. The experiment was to never have sex with anybody, no matter how hard I tried.
Success! Hypothesis confirmed.

When you're having sex with somebody, you can say "yes," or "yeah," or "uh-huh," but for some reason, you can't say "yep." "Yep. Oh, yep, baby. Yep, yep, yep, yep. Indeed! Affirmative."

I want to show you guys some drawings.
All right, first, I got a product I came up with. It's called a baby silencer.
I thought of this on an airplane. There was this baby crying and bothering everybody.
I was thinking, "How could I get that baby quiet?" Then it hit me.
It's a baby silencer. It's a funnel that the baby wears over its nose and mouth with a tube that goes to headphones to the baby's own ears.
Baby's like, "Waah! Waah! Ow! Ow!
Hello? That's me. I should shut up." Baby silenced.

Perfect. Yeah. That's a girlfriend silencer. That works temporarily. Be careful.

Be careful with that. Now this is a graph. Okay, karaoke.
This is how fun it is to watch the person doing it. This is how bad the person is at it.
It's kind of an interesting curve, 'cause if they're not that bad at it, it's kind of fun to watch.
You know, they're kind of singing on key or whatever. Not great.
If they're a little worse at it, it's terrible to watch. It's, like, awkward.
It's not bad enough to be funny, not good enough to be entertaining.
But if they're worse, something magical starts to happen. The worse they get, the more fun it is to watch them struggle.
Tone deaf, drunk, standing on a chair. Yes, this is what we want.

What's interesting is skiing follows the exact same curve. Almost in the Olympics.
Never been on a hill before. Also, reading aloud in class.

That story's pretty interesting, but this story's way more interesting over here.
"Jimmy's an idiot. I had no idea. Sound it out, buddy. Come on, you can do it.
I don't think we can still hang out. Oh, man."

A lot of signs are lazy.
"Stop." "Exit." They just tell you the word, and that's it. But not "wet floor."
They give you the words and also a scenario. "Wet floor. This could happen to you."
"Oh, crap. That kind of wet floor. I thought it was a command, but then I saw the guy."
It's not that persuasive though. This guy has no eyes or feet. You have no eyes or feet?
Of course you fell. Those are the top two things you need to not fall.
"Wait a minute, you're the guy from the bathroom. What are you doing out here?
I just saw you in the back. You're running around with no face. Come on, man."

I don't know when the question mark first appeared, but I bet you it worked immediately.
"Hey, man, check this out." "What is that?" "Exactly! We got it, Tony. This shape works.
It's an exclamation point with severe scoliosis. Write it down." My friend was involved in a love triangle.

He liked this woman, and this other guy also liked the woman, but I tried to explain to him, "That's a love angle that you're in. You're involved in a love angle, man."
For it to be a love triangle, the two guys also have to have something going on.
Now you got three vertices. That's a love triangle. And that's an orgy. And that's a Mormon.
And that's a Mormon orgy. That's a "Morgy." I don't know if these exist, but this is a schematic.

This is an ice cream flavor called "dead gnome." Now I like popsicles as much as the next person, but they're structurally unstable.
When I start eating it, I'm like, "This is good," but then I start thinking, "There's gonna be trouble soon.
One of these sides is gonna fall off. It's gonna ruin my carpet. This is gonna suck."
It's time to update popsicle sticks. Now I don't have to worry. That's a little better.
Plus, I could make a crazy bridge out of these.

This is how interesting you find your children, and this is how interesting I find your children.
Which is how you want it, by the way. That's how it should be. You don't want the opposite.
This is... That's not mean. That's nature. That's correct. Okay.

Pets are numerically interesting. If you have one, that's okay. If you have four, you're desperate.
If you have thirty two, you look crazy. What's interesting is that teeth are the exact opposite.

I think it's time we update elevator buttons. Yeah.

If you're a man and you're wearing a fur coat and you're not an Eskimo, then you're a douche bag.

Okay, this is a diagram. This is the interior of the head of a man who cut me off in traffic a few weeks ago.

Finally, this is the amount a guy looks like Jesus versus the probability that he has pot.
The more he looks like Jesus, the more likely he is to have pot, till we get to a critical point.

"This one's on a cross. Uh-oh. We made a mistake. Let's get out of here." And that's an end.

Thanks, everybody. Thanks. I got a business idea.

I was gonna open a store in the Chicago airport, one of the biggest airports in the country, and have a big store right by one of the gates.
But in my store, I would just sell stuff that says "Denver" on it.
So when people get off the plane, they look at my store and they go, "Oh, shit."
And if somebody came up to me and said, "Excuse me, this is the Chicago airport.
You're selling stuff that says 'Denver' on it." I would go, "Oh, shit. I knew I rushed into this investment.
Guess I'll just have to write 'Not' on everything." "Where'd you get that sweatshirt?"
"Not Denver. Don't worry about it."

I don't usually fly in first class, but I do fart in first class. "Can I help you, sir?"
"Nah, I'm cool. I'm gonna head back to my seat. Got a little lost. Sorry about that."
"It smells like coach up here."

I was having lunch with my friend, and I said, "Hey, what's your middle name?"
He said, "I have two middle names." I said, "Then you have no middle names.
You have a space." Yeah.

We were having lunch, and I went to treat him. I said, "Hey, I got this. I'm gonna buy you lunch."
And he said, "Are you sure?" Has anybody ever backed out at that point?
"Hey, man, I got this." "Are you sure?" "I'm glad you brought that up. I was bluffing.
I'm not sure at all. You called my bluff. I got no money. You want to just run for it?"

When I'm cleaning up my apartment, I feel like my dustpan is willing to help out but just to a point.
Like, "All right, cool. There's just a little bit left here."
And then the dustpan's like, "I'm out right here."
"No, come on, dustpan. There's just dust left. I mean, you're called a dustpan. Let's just do this."
"I'm not picking that up." "The hell you're not. We're gonna go perpendicular.
You're picking this up." It's like, "I said no. Take the broom and just redistribute it around the room."

I've seen a lot of proud sponsors of things. I'd like to see a reluctant sponsor.
"Subaru, reluctant sponsor of the WNBA."

I wish that they would just call the news "What's wrong."
"Hi, it's six o'clock. Here's what's wrong." Yeah.
"Now for the local news, here's the worst shit that happened the closest to you."

I wonder what the long form of "OK" is.
What's "OK" short for? Is it "okeydokey"? That would be interesting.

There are all these situations that would sound much more interesting.
"Are you okeydokey?"
"I'm okeydokey. Thank you. That was a close call."
The surgeon comes out. "She's gonna be okeydokey."
"Thank God, Doctor. She's okeydokey, you guys."
"Your behavior in this office is not okeydokey!"

You want to fight somebody. "Okeydokey, let's do this."
"Okeydokey. Okeydokey, easy."

I saw a dog wearing a sweater, and I thought that looked ridiculous 'cause dogs don't have arms.
If you're gonna put clothes on a dog, you should put two pairs of pants on it.
See a dog with two pairs of skinny jeans. That Rottweiler plays bass.
I've never seen bat shit, but if I did, I'd be like, "That's crazy. That's some crazy excrement right there.
That looks like my ex-girlfriend's personality. That's crazy."

Hugs are such a nice thing. As human beings, we get to hug each other.
That's such a nice experience. But it's so easy to make it go wrong.
If you're hugging somebody and you go, "Mmm."
Or you could be hugging 'em and just go... That hug is over.
If I want to get out of a hug, I don't do the pat, I just go, "beep."
They're like, "Okay, I'll see you, uh... Never. All right, I'll see you never."

That's... That's no good. I think a tree house is really insensitive.
That's like killing something and then making one of its friends hold it.

I like silent letters. When I see a silent letter in a word, I try to picture what happened.
Just a bunch of letters hanging out, and they're like, "Oh, we gotta go spell this word."
And there's one letter there that's like, "Psst. Hey. I'm gonna come with you guys."
"What? That's ridiculous. You're a G."
"I won't say anything. Come on, we'll mess with foreigners.
Like the word, foreigners, that's me in the middle."

Clothing sizes are weird.
They go small, medium, large, and then extra large, extra extra large, extra extra extra large.
Something happened at "large." They just gave up.
They were like, "I'm not doing any more adjectives. You just keep putting 'extras' on there."
We could do better than that.
Small, medium, large, whoa, easy, slow down, stop it, interesting, American.

I don't like when I go to a clothing store and I pick out some clothes, then I go to the dressing room, and then they come, and they bother me when I'm in there.
"How's it working out for you in there? You all right in there?"
When they're like, "How you doing in there?" I go, "Uh... Not too good. I think I'm gonna kill myself.
Could you get me a belt, please?"
"You all right in there?" "Yeah, I'm naked. Just popping some zits.
You want to hop in?" Just leave me alone.
"How's it going in there for you?" "Ah, it's all right. I couldn't find the toilet, so I just went.
You gotta finish these bathroom stalls, man. Also, could you get me a few t-shirts?"

My friend has hand soap that smells like coconut.
It's nice, unless your hands are dirty from coconuts.
Then it's the worst soap possible.
"I can't tell if I made any progress in this situation. This is how I started out. This sucks."

You see somebody smelling their hand, there's never a good story behind that.
Just looks bad. If you try to make it look positive, it just looks worse.
If you're like... "Let's talk to that guy."

I don't like automatic paper towel dispensers because they don't tell you when they're not working.
So I just end up in the bathroom, looking like a shitty magician for a few minutes.
"What do I have to do to get a piece of paper?"
An automatic paper towel dispenser is a solution to something that was never a problem.
"Hey, you know how people get a paper towel when they need one?"
"Yeah, they just take their hand and pull it down, and they have it."
"Yeah, we're gonna change that." "What are you gonna do?"
"We're gonna use lasers and make it complicated."
"That seems kind of unnecessary." "Yeah, very. That's the idea.
"You got a lot of work to do." "Yeah, 'cause we're also working on the sinks too."
"Oh, yeah? What are you gonna do?
You gonna fix, like, the hot and cold handles?" "No, we're gonna get rid of those."
"But then they won't be able to adjust the water temperature." "Fuck 'em." Wow.
"We're gonna finish up with the toilets." "Oh, yeah, what are you doing there?"
"You know when someone's sitting on the toilet, and they move, like, a millimeter?" "Yeah." "Yeah, we were thinking of having a roaring rapid explode under their ass that way."
"Why would you do that?" "We're gonna scare the shit out of 'em, literally."

Okay. I like to write in coffee shops a lot. Coffee shops are great because you can sit there and do people watching and just write your ideas down in your notebook or whatever.
Sometimes I'll be sitting there at a table, and there'll be, like, a lady at the table next to me, and then she'll be like, "Um, excuse me, um, can you watch my stuff for a minute? I have to go to the bathroom."
And I'll go, "Sure... But I want it." "What?"
"Your laptop is a newer model than the one I have. So when you get up, I'm gonna take it.
Like, as soon as you get up. I'm just kidding. Go ahead, I'll watch your stuff, that's fine."

One thing I like about coffee shops is that they have bulletin boards, and people can put up flyers on the bulletin boards, so I started making my own flyers, so I could just put one or two of 'em up on the way out.
So I wanted to show you some of the flyers.
For example, "Learn to play guitar and/or with my balls."
"Not missing: dog, brown with spots. Energetic, playful, everything's fine. Thanks!"
"Tuter for avelible. Call pleze."
"For sale: one thesaurus, like new, or fresh, novel, unspoiled, recent, unused, green, modish, youthful, contemporary, now, au courant, spic and span."
"So you want to learn how to play saxophone? I can stop you! Call immediately."
"Free time machine! Call me two weeks ago."
"Babysitter. Available. Experienced. Cheap. Young. Good at keeping secrets."

This is good for a music store.
"Lead singer wanted. Also, guitarist wanted, drummer wanted, bass player wanted... Whole band wanted. Have tambourine."
And then nearby, you can put up...
"Tambourine lessons. Expert tambourine player will teach you to play like a virtuoso.
Experienced, trained, soon to be leader of successful tambourine-based band."
People are like, "There's a new tambourine player in Williamsburg, and he's not wasting time." 

"Spacious, clean, cheap apartment available... Never. Good luck, dipshit."
"Man with van (and fetish)."
For a restaurant, maybe...
"Missing: one rat, left here yesterday."
"Learn photography, then teach me. Please, don't be a prick. Just do it."
"Free tiny strips of paper."
You can put this next to any flyer that's there already.
"That flyer is bullshit. Call me, I will explain."
"Found: one cat, looks delicious. Call by Friday. After that, never mind."
"I can see you right now. Call this number to prevent me from getting you."
They're all ripped off.
"Excuse me, there's no numbers! Please don't get me!"

Finally, "Help! A wizard turned me into this piece of paper. Please lick me twice to break the spell. Hurry, do it!"
Thanks, guys. Appreciate that.

When you're a kid, skipping is a perfectly acceptable way to get around.
But then you get to a certain age, and it has to stop. You're not allowed to skip anymore.
It stops cold turkey, and that's a shame because there are situations where that's a good speed.
It's not running, it's not walking.
You're not jogging, which is tiring, but it doesn't matter how perfect the situation would be for it, it's not allowed, you know?
"Are you okay? I'm gonna get help." "Did that fucker just skip away?
We got a sick man here, you can't go playing games."
"Sir, you dropped your hat. Sir!" "Keep it."

When it's windy out, I feel like the world's just being mean.
I'll just be walking, and the world's like, "Hey, you like air? Yeah? Yeah?
You need that to breathe? There's some fuckin' air right in your face.
There you go." "Whoa! Too much air. Come on, man."

I don't know why, when someone has great abs, that's really attractive.
I know that it looks good, but I don't understand biologically why that is.
Like, what is it communicating, you know?
Like, you see a guy with great abs, you're like, "Whoa, that guy could fuck really fast."

Wow. It's hard to know what's gay in life, like... Boxing?
That's two guys fighting over a belt. That seems pretty gay to me... in their underwear.
I was driving on the highway, and I saw a sign that said, "Live nude girls," and I was thinking, "You probably don't need the 'live.'"
I wasn't even thinking about the girls' mortality until you brought it up.
"Dead nude girls." "Pull over, man. I'm feeling kind of curious."
"Injured nude girls." "Ooh. That's perfect. They're still alive, but they can't get away.
Let's go there." Just a girl in a wheelchair. She's got an IV bag and stuff.
"Now on the ICU stage, Amber."

I was eating some pizza, and I burnt the roof of my mouth, and then I thought, 'Wait a minute, this is the ceiling of my mouth.
The roof of my mouth is up here. My head architecture is all messed up...'"
Thought the attic of my mouth.

I wish my smoke detector had a fajita setting on it.
So when I'm cooking, it's like, "Boop, boop... Oh, hold up, these are fajitas.
Let's not be an ass here. This is totally fine. Let's not make him get up on a stool with a magazine in front of this girl he's trying to cook for."

Why is it that people who can eat really spicy food think that the rest of us give a shit?
I can eat really doughy food, but I don't brag about it when we sit down for dinner.
"Yo, can you eat doughy food? 'Cause I can eat the doughiest white bread.
You have no idea how chewy..."

One thing I learned is that it's never okay to walk through a cemetery dressed as a mummy, even if that was just, like, a shortcut on the way to the costume party.
That is never appreciated.

I've done this weird thing where, like, I'm kissing a girl and my eyes are closed, but then for some reason, halfway through the kiss, I'm like...
And then she opens her eyes, and I'm like...
"Maybe she didn't see me." What is your excuse in that situation?
"What were you doing?" "I was protecting us."

Cool. I think that's in tune enough for comedy.
When I have a baby, I want to put anti aging cream on it right away.
People would be like, "Your baby looks amazing. Is that a fetus?"
I'll say, "No, it's the cream. We're getting a start really early."
"Well, it's working. He doesn't look a day over zero." "Thank you."

I think telemarketer would be a hard job. You can't call out sick.
"Hey, it's me. I can't work today." "Well, you called me." "Shit."

I saw rice milk in the store. I didn't even know rice had nipples.
Squeeze those little rice titties.

I never went bungee jumping. The closest I did was I was born.

I wonder if it's rude for a deaf person to talk with food in their hands.
"Dude, put down that cheeseburger. That's disgusting."

I think it's cool when an ex girlfriend becomes and XL girlfriend.

They probably don't get a lot of work done at the bubble wrap factory.

"Separate but equal" is terrible for education, but it's perfect for eyebrows.

I know a girl who's a tease, but she's not cute enough for that.
So she's an "annoy."

At the battle of the bands, the loser's always the audience.

I lost my fog machine 'cause I left it running for too long.
I don't know how fog got associated with partying.
"This weather is way too dangerous to drive in. You guys want to dance?"

I can move objects with my mind if I use my hands.

I want to fill a pi–ata with actual animal guts. That's what I call a surprise party, kids.

I said to my friend, "Hey, can I ask you a trick question?"
He said, "No." I said, "Too late, bitch."

I've met people who are passive aggressive, but I never met anyone who was aggressive passive.
"I don't want tacos! Maybe."

Most stick people are black.

When I was in high school, these twins got mono. They got stereo.

I'm a man of my word, and that word is "unreliable." When I take photos, I count to five.
'Cause that's when people start getting real.
At one, they're like, "I'm gonna be in a photo. I got a face idea.
Okay, here it comes." At two, "here it is."
At three... At four, "What's going on?"
At five, "What the fu...?" Snap.

I was walking down the street, and I saw an ugly pregnant lady. I just thought, "Good for you." 

Sometimes I feel like I'm making a connection with a stranger, but then it turns out I'm not.
Like, I was in a mall, and I saw this lady hitting her kid. So I went up to her, and I was like, "Yeah, get him!" 
She got all mad at me. I was like, "I'm on your side here."

Sometimes if I really want to get someone's attention, I'll start a sentence with something like, "I'm not racist, but..."
I say, "I'm not racist, but you look great today."
They say, "That wasn't racist at all." I said, "I know. I said I'm not racist.
You never listen. Typical Mexican."

I'm just joking. I don't think Mexicans are bad listeners.
I think Mexicans are good listeners.
But not all Mexicans 'cause that would also be racist.
I think the right number of Mexicans listen the exact right amount.

It must suck to have just one arm. Until you get arrested.
"What's that? You're gonna put an uncomfortable bracelet on me? I don't care.
I'll just swing it around. Thanks for the weapon, cop."